Oh, I see.
You get rid of Lin Nian Nian
After the event
I promise to feed and clothe you for the rest of your life
Lin Niannian
The daughter of the family can only be me
Since you want to rob me
Then I can only make you disappear from this world
Are you asleep? Can Mom come in?
Mom, I didn't sleep
xueqing
Hello what
The memory is gone
Then why don't you go find it quickly?
If the thought is hurt in the slightest
I let you travel to the land of learning in Jiangzhou
Go find it
It seems that my daughter who has been raised for more than 20 years
Still not as good as your own daughter
That being the case
Then don't blame me for not missing the mother-daughter relationship
It can only make you disappear from this world
Mr. Ye's relevant departments
The main road in and out of Jiangzhou has been blocked
Surveillance near the hospital has also been investigated
Major media also issued missing persons notices overnight
Make sure to bring the eldest lady back safely
Let me know as soon as you have news.
Aunt Li?
The manpower of the Chu family in the imperial capital is rushing to Jiangzhou
A few people have their own world
Nothing will happen.
I just found Nian Nian
Lost him again in a blink of an eye
I should have insisted on staying with him in the ward
Mr. Ye found the person who took the eldest lady hostage on the surveillance